all bees buzz but bumblebees are
one of the very few types of
these that actually take that
buzzing sound and music like a
secret weapon to get pollen in
fact what the bumblebee is doing
is sonication buzz pollination
it's a technique that it's
adapted to get pollen that other
bees can't get certain flowers
are specially adapted to keep
their pollen high up in the
flour
and a bumblebee can actually
reach that with his legs are
with its tongue
so what it needs to do is
vibrate to get that pollen to
fall down and how this works is
they enhance their wings from
their flight muscles and I break
your muscles really really
rapidly creating an angry that
causes the pollen to fall down
onto their bodies
then they fly on to another
flower and do the same thing
that's a super power as far as
I'm concerned for bumblebees
you have a regulator your mouth
you're wearing a mask so it's
not coming in your nose you're
not breathing it in yet
you're smelling hydrogen sulfide
and it's actually going through
the pores in your skin